Some renaming + update_statistics -> publish_statistics + agent tool docs + timeout reply [19297][19276] (#94)
eProsima/AML-IP: amlip_docs/rst/user_manual/tools/agent.rst

.. include:: ../../exports/alias.include

.. _user_manual_tools_agent:

##########
Agent Tool
##########

> This tool launches an :ref:`user_manual_nodes_agent`, which is the main transport component that manages the communication of *AML-IP Algebraic Nodes* deployed within a :term:`LAN` and the discovery of other AML-IP clusters over :term:`WAN`.

Reviewer: Better, but I think the definition is still not completely accurate.

> This tool executes an :ref:`user_manual_nodes_agent` which is the main transport component that manages the dynamic discovery of *AML-IP Algebraic Nodes* deployed within a :term:`LAN` and the discovery of other AML-IP clusters over :term:`WAN`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tool launches an :ref:`user_manual_nodes_agent`, which is the main transport component that manages the dynamic discovery of *AML-IP Algebraic Nodes* deployed within a :term:`LAN` and the discovery of other AML-IP clusters over :term:`WAN`.
```

Reviewer: I wouldn't talk a about discovery, but communication in general.

Building the tool
=================

If the tool package is not compiled, please refer to :ref:`developer_manual_installation_sources_linux_colcon` or run the command below.

.. code-block:: bash

>     colcon build --packages-up-to-regex amlip

Reviewer: amlip_agent??

Author: It is a regexp, so it does not really matter.

> Once AML-IP packages are installed and built, import the libraries using the following command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once AML-IP packages are installed and built, source the workspace using the following command.
```

    -q, --listening-port <num>
                        Address listening port (Default: 12121).
    -t, --transport <tcp|udp>
                        Use only TCPv4 or UDPv4 transport. (Default: TCPv4).

    Repeater options:
    -n, --name <name>
                        Name (Default: agent_tool).
    -d, --domain <id>
                        DDS domain ID (Default: 0).
    -c, --connection-address <address>
                        Address to connect (Default: 127.0.0.1).
    -l, --listening-address <address>
                        Address where listen (Default: 127.0.0.1).
    -p, --connection-port <num>
                        Address connection port (Default: 12121).
    -q, --listening-port <num>
                        Address listening port (Default: 12121).
    -t, --transport <tcp|udp>
                        Use only TCPv4 or UDPv4 transport. (Default: TCPv4).

Run tool
========

Source the following file to setup the AML-IP environment:

.. code-block:: bash

    source <path-to-amlip-installation>/install/setup.bash

Launching an :ref:`Agent Client Node <user_manual_nodes_agent_client>` instance is as easy as executing the following command:

.. code-block:: bash

>     amlip_agent -e client

Reviewer: I would add the ip and port arguments as well, for a realistic example.
